This is an apology. 

I know how you're feeling right now. I'm not a psychic, I just know that I'm a huge asshole at times, and I've made people feel like this before. 
That's not a reason to not be friends with me! I very often make people feel really great about themselves and life. but that's not relevant. 

I know that you want to hurt me right now, and holy shit I'd want to hurt me too if a freaky other-universe me came from the nether and made fun of me for Idk lets say having a receding hairline. 

I'm not equating the two situations. 

I realize that what I said to you what a trillion times more hurtful than if some guy made fun of my receding hairline. 

Slowly receding! 

Really! 

I'm not going bald! 

Sometimes I try to convince myself that by saying things like that.

But really, I'm opening up to you big time right now. I'm not just blabbing. I'm seriously hurting by talking about that problem of mine. It's a serious stressor on my life. 

I feel like telling you this will give you a weapon against me. Now you can imagine the guy that was a jerk to you today is some weirdo with a receeding hairline. 

It's kinda a funny image isn't it? 

Me screaming obscenities with my stupid balding head? 

Haha

but I can't offer you much more than that, and it certainly doesn't go an iota towards making up to what I said to you today. 

I know what happened to you in the past left a deep pain that transcends all others, and it sucks that it happened to you, to put it extremely lightly. 

I had fun at your expense today, and it's not something anyone should be proud of. 

You're a beautiful person and you have a beautiful mind, and I'm sure you're going to go on to do beautiful things with your life. Nothing I or anyone else says will stop you. 

I realize you're probably very tired right now! So don't bother with a response to this if it's too demanding. You can put me out of your mind. 

I just want you to know, I'm incredibly sorry, and despite being a very hurtful person, actually hurting you or anyone else is very painful to me, and the regret I feel is palpable. 

I'm not looking for an apology, I simply want to do anything I can to put a smile on your face. 

- Josh Thomas