Things are really good right now. I'm making connections and my body and mind have healed so much over the past month. I'm getting to a better and better place. 

"Opportunities multiply as they are siezed". This has been the motto of my life lately. 

Today I had a pretty damn decent day at work. In the morning we got an email from Heather letting us know about a customer's complaint. I had an immediate solution that ended up being what everyone agreed on, and I began implementing it today as well. It was neat though. I really expressed myself to my co-workers and my opinions were heard. I'm becoming more vocal, and it's because I care about my work more. 

After work I went to the Port City Hackerspace meetup at Flaming Amy's and I kinda blew everyone away. I met Rod and Loren, and caught up with Greg and Mike. Honestly, I wasn't trying to be so god damn impressive, but I think I left a major impression. I get along great with those guys. They're way older than me, but I think I'm getting to the point where that doesn't seem to matter much. I have skills, and those skills speak for themself. Loren offered me a job and shot me an email after the meetup about it. I'm going to talk to him more about it, and I've gotta say I'd love to do it. The more people's lives I touch in a positive way, the better. The only caveat is that this leads me to my next happening of the day. The work for Loren could possibly interfere with this other happening

Fappabl.com
I registered the domain name and it's now officially my number one project after my work at gig salad. I think this is an opportunity to make a lot of money and be my first successful commercial venture. 

It's a porn site that allows artists to sign up and put a subscription wall over their content. People can subscribe to the artist's updates and get tons of porn for some $$$. We take a small percentage of all subscription fees off the top, and the rest goes to the artist. 

And that's fappabl. 

I'd like to follow the Tumblr model of how membership works. You join fappabl and you have an account that can be used to subscribe to other's work. If you want to create an artist profile of your own, you can do so from within your account. 

So a fappabl account can have multiple artist profiles tied to it. 

Fappabl Account
       |
       V
      / \
     /   \
    v     v
Profile  Profile


One thing I'm going to have to be firm on about myself is that this is my project, not anyone else's. If I bring anyone else on board, their help is mightily appreciated, but this is my project. 

This goes for Catherine too. 

I work alone. 

nananananananananananananana BATMAN. 