Yo

This took WAY too long to type because my temporary room-mate really likes to talk about video game balancing in excrutiating detail, and it turns out that it's difficult to write posts about leaving home and moving to Seattle while you're also trying to understand the nuances of Tower Defense games you've never played. I LOVE YOU AUTHOR.

So today is the end of day four on my quest to Seattle. Things have been really fantastic thus far and I really love it here. A lot. I could gush about this beautiful place for hours, but I'm also really sleepy and I have a metric butt-ton of stuff to study if I want to keep my new job, so I'll try to make this somewhat concise! (Edit: I failed)

I got off the plane at SEA-TAC airport on the south-side and took a taxi to my buddies place in Kirkland on the east side of Lake Washington. In hind-sight I could've saved the $60 cab fee and instead took the cities JUST FUCKING AMAZING public transit, but I'm not too strained for cash atm, so no biggie. In my mind I had planned on having a really personable cab driver that would be super excited to show some kid around the city, and tell me all the cool things about it and where his favorite restaurants are. Instead I got some middle-eastern guy that barely spoke a word of English. We sat in awkward silence next to each other for 45 minutes, and then I paid my bill.

Meeting my hosts was cool. Author talks a lot, just like online. This is alright, as his topics are either interesting, or make relaxing background white noise. Both are good. Corbin is a brilliant engineer and I'd love to learn as much as I can from him, but unfortunately it seems like he spends 90% of his life on an airplane or in a foreign country, so I haven't gotten much more than a game of Super Smash Bros Brawl in with him. Hopefully we'll get more acquainted in the future!

After meeting up with my exceptionally generous friends that are letting me crash at their place for my first two weeks in Seattle, I decided that it would be a good idea to drag my sleep deprived body onto the public transport and visit downtown Seattle for the remaining four hours in the day. I was decidedly wrong in my deciding.

The public transport part was fine. It was good that I was able to take the first evening getting used to the bus system, as I'd be using it A LOT in the future. The bus system is amazing by the way. Like, when my car arrives I probably won't even use it because the buses are just THAT good. They're like $3 taxis, except you don't necessarily have to be alone with some strange man that doesn't speak your language.

I had some very bizarre experiences in downtown Seattle. Keep in mind I had hardly just stepped off my plane at this point.

So when I got off my bus, I hit the McDonalds in hopes of getting an outlet to charge my phone which was running out of batteries. I'd need my phone to find my way back home.

Unfortunately there weren't any open outlets, and the only one I could find had a padlock on it. wtf.

I walked to the bathrooms to relieve myself and found them locked as well, with a sign that read "paying customers only". I turned around to be greeted by a malevolent looking black guy that told me I'd have to get a meal if I wanted to use the restrooms. I smiled and said that'd be fine, though I was going to purchase a meal afterwards regardless.

So I bought my meal, and after tracking down that man again I was able to finally get the bathrooms opened for me.

Now I'm an incredibly smiley person, at least while in public. My general modus operandi when I see somebody walking towards me on the street is to give them a polite smile, and perhaps say hello if it seems necessary.

While I was eating, I saw these two black gentleman across the room glaring at me. I caught their eye and smiled and they started whispering amongst each other in pretty suspiciously malevalent ways. Like, it's hard to describe, but it was the kind of malicious whispering that you would imagine occurs seconds before somebody is impaled with a knife, particularly the kind of somebody that is a smiley kid by himself in a big new city. They proceeded to glare at me en masse for the rest of my meal, which wasn't cool, because it's been scientifically proven that laughter and good company are great digestive aids, and being stared at malevolently by strangers is a not so good one.

So the moment they stopped glaring at me for a second I got the fuck out of there.

You'll notice that I mentioned the race of the previous gentlemen. This is only because for whatever reason, a lot of black people were hostile as hell towards me in downtown Seattle. No-where else has this ever been my experience. I don't know if it was coincidence or what, but there was some serious correlation between me seeing a black person in downtown Seattle and getting SERIOUSLY harassed.

So I ran out of Mcdonalds and straight into the Seattle Scientology Dianetics building.

Hurray, cults.

I needed a charger for my phone, and I know that Scientologists LOVE people that are moving or travelling. Back when it was legal, they'd set up shop in airports with their E-meters and personality tests. People that are in the process of moving are in an extremely vernerable position, and the most successful cults use that to their advantage.

So cool, I was fresh meat for them, and thus they were very happy to let me use their outlet to charge my phone, as long as I feigned interest in their bullshit. I took a 200 question personality test which afterwards exposed the major flaws in my personality and lifestyle, and then I chatted with the cult recruiter there about how I was in the Chanology raids back in 2007. Although I'm not PROUD of being part of them, they're an interesting thing I did, and I thought he'd enjoy the conversation. He at the very least feigned nervous interest, and when my phone was done charging, I went my merry way, with the empty promise that I'd one day return and give them 90% of my salary for their very valuable lifechanging courses. He was let down that I refused his offer to buy his $30 L Ron Hubbard book. Praise Xenu.

Afterwards I walked the streets and talked to my girlfriend about my experience thus far in Seattle. During this walk I passed by many very strange people. That is all I am going to say about that.

When I returned to the transit station after thoroughly implementing my most literal representation of a Random Walk throughout the city, I waited for my bus. That's when I met Chandler. Chandler looked to be about 25 years old, very healthy, and really a totally normal dude, except he was completely wasted and high out of his mind at the time. He went through his backpack of toys and showed me all of his comics and collectables and gave me detailed descriptions of their backstories, interspersed with brief mumblings about how high out of his mind he was. At some point during one of his rants about zombie sandmen, he asked me if I wanted some weed for free. I told him nah it's cool, but he insisted. I didn't want to make a scene, because there were two transit workers directly in front of me, so I shoved the gram in my pocket.

So weed is apparently REALLY legal in Washington. Like, that legal. Holy shit.

Then he proceeded to buy a bottle of bootleg vodka from a man in a trenchcoat, and got on his bus to leave for wherever the hell people that buy bootleg vodka and give free weed to strangers go.

Later when I got home I tossed the weed because I don't smoke and neither do my room-mates(2 strate edge 4 u gg gangsters 4 lyf), plus apparently the weed was poor quality, but I'm not really sure if that's true or not.

So my first day in Seattle was a little bizarre. After leaving downtown Seattle, I have not had a single day like that since.

Everyone in Bellevue and Kirkland is RIDICULOUSLY generous and kind. Like, it's nuts. A woman I've never met paid for my subway sandwich this morning. Drivers always stop to let each other get by, and there's just a really overwhelming friendly vibe all over east Seattle (Bellevue and nearby).

My first few days at work have been awesome. I've met so many extremely friendly people, its hard to keep all of their names in my head.

My commute has been long, about 1hr 45m, but it's not too bad because I have books to read and people to talk to. Once I move out of my friend's place in two weeks, the commute should be cut down to 45 minutes. That's totally fine, especially since I won't have to drive.

The work looks like it'll be extremely challenging and engaging, and I'm VERY excited to be working on these systems. I feel really at home with the team already.
I realize I mostly just made this post about my first weird day in downtown Seattle, but holy shit there's so many good things about the city. It's heaven. The trees are greener, the water practically has FLAVOR, and the air is pristine compared to the south-east states. I feel like I was built for this town. Every day I literally feel healthier, and I think it's just a combination of so many things about this place, and the new job.

I'm really glad I've got the opportunity to adventure here!