I'm in a lot of pain atm, my usual headaches. I decided that I'd try to type out exactly what I'm feeling. Maybe it'll help me one day. If you're reading this, then you're probably familiar with my headaches. I just want to offer a disclaimer. This is written poorly, incoherently, and difficultly. I'm re-typing over half of these words because I'm making constant typos. 

So I'm in pain. A lot lot lot of pain. It's a bizarre sort of pain that is difficult to describe. I've described it in different ways at different times to my doc and I don't believe they appreciate the inconsistency of my descriptions. 

My head hurts. That's so vague, and the feeling itself is even vaguer, so honestly it's fitting. "Brain fog" is the first thing I'd use to describe it, but there's more to it. My body hurts. There's no localized point of pain. MY BODY HURTS. Every bit of it. I guess it feels like a joint pain. but it's not just my body that's in pain, my mind reels at everything. Every concept and idea except the possibility of one day not being in pain inflicts such a negative reaction on my mind that it renders me completely incapable of continuing on with whatever work I'm doing. It's impossible to work with this pain. 

My face hurts. There's a "stuffiness" to it. For a while I thought I had some sort of chronic sinusitus; maybe I do. Sometimes when I use my neti pot or drain my sinuses manually all day at a constant pace, my headaches are more bearable. Just a bit, though. 

My stomach hurts. I don't know if that's because everything in my body hurts, or if it's because my stomach hurts. It seems to hurt SLIGHTLY worse than everything except my face and head. It's a nauseating sort of feeling. Sometimes I'll spit up and feel a little better. I spit up white, foamy spit, from my gut. 

It happens at work. It almost exclusively happens at work. I don't feel stressed from work. The only stressor I feel like I really have in life are these headaches themselves. I feel like if only they went away, I could accomplish so much more here. I conducted a mold test on the building I work in. It's "Chandler's Wharf", a downtown Wilmington building next to the river. It's a very, very old building. I tested it for molds with the hope that maybe that's what was causing my headaches. The tests were positive for Aspergilus/Penicillium, but negative for Stachybotrys. I don't know if that's significant. People have always complained of a moldy smell when they first come to our office, but after a while they can't smell it anymore.

Depression has become a symptom. I don't want to talk about it much. I don't want you thinking that this is the cause of it all. I'm not having headaches because I'm depressed, I'm depressed because I'm having headaches. They're maddening to a degree that makes me long for death. This doesn't need to be treated. I'm tough; I can get through this. I just need my head and body to heal so that I don't have to feel like I'm dying every time I go to work. 

Sincerely,
Josh Thomas
Software Developer





June 17th, 2013
Took two aspirins in the midst of a day-long headache and pain attack. The aspirins seem to have helped. This is in stark contrast to aspirin and ibuprofin's usual inefectiveness. 

June 18th, 2013
Had headaches in the morning. Took two aspirins and had a glass of green tea steadily throughout the day. Felt great from lunch till night. 

June 19th, 2013
Woke up and felt great until lunch. Since lunch I've been feeling like death. I had three eggs and a pack of raisins for lunch. I took two aspirins. Will report on their effect. ---------- It's been an hour since I took the aspirins, and I still feel like I'm about to die. No effect. This isn't so weird, though. I used to try aspirins when my headaches would come on, and they never worked. It's only a recent phenomena that they're doing anything at all. 

Night time now. Had headaches progressively throughout the day, even after work when I returned home, until going to sleep. Not going to beat around the bush. I am suicidal. Nothing would make me happier than to be dead. That was dark humor, see, because I wouldn't feel anything including happiness, because I'd be dead. Hah. 

June 20th, 2013
Morning, 10:00. Been suicidal and in pain all morning. Can't focus on work. I used to, back when I was happy, have a thought process; a sort of metaphor that I'd use to explain away suicide as irrational and ridiculous. "If somebody gave you a five dollar bill, would you tear it up because you're having a bad day? ". The five dollar bill being life, and the "someone" being a metaphor for God or destiny or what have you. I feel embarrassed even typing that out now. It's so naive it kills me (hah.). One of the many problems with that thinking is that for some people, they're not being given a five dollar bill, they're being handed a chronically, perpetually boiling dog turd, and the dog turd melts forever onto their hand, and now they are in intense dog-turd induced pain for life, and the only way to make this dog turd go away is for them to cut off their own hand. So they do. Unfortunately they had a radial artery in that hand, and they bleed to death. 

I feel like with this entry I'm turning this into a journal to give to everyone when I eventually off myself, so they can understand a little better, rather than something that I originally intended to hand to a doctor to help with a diagnosis. I love you Catherine, Katie, Adriana, and Sophi. You are my best friends, and I'm afraid of becoming somebody that you don't deserve. Cat's family, I value you more than anything. This sounds stupid, but Scott is my dad. I've had two by law before, but Scott is my dad. Linda, you've been another mother to me and I appreciate everything you've done for me every day. Mom, you've always been my mother, thank you. I love you. I'm sorry if this does turn into a suicide note. I'm sorry that I'll have taken your son from you. I'm sorry that I have a boiling dog turd glued to my hand. I'm sorry that the universe is a cruel, deterministic place, with cruel, deterministic little people machines, with some of them, by the nature of chance, existing with boiling dog turds glued to their hands. I'm sorry you're going to have to live the rest of your life knowing that I didn't believe in your religion when I died. I'm sorry things didn't turn out better. I'm sorry for so much, but I want you to know that things still can turn out better, even though right now they haven't. You're reading this, so you know that I'm not around to defend that argument, so you'll just have to defend it with all of your heart, mind, and body for me. Everyone. I love you. 

In case of dog turd induced self-offing, please allow this document in its entirety to find it's way into the hands of Catherine Kern, Katie Walker, Adriana Lora, Sophia Murphy and Tessie Saksa.

Catherine, I love you more than anything. I leave you everything I have. Everything. You are beautiful in every aspect. Perfect. 
My computer passwords are located in my wallet. 

I'd like to be buried with my nunchucks, and if you can manage it, silly clown paint all over my face. Wouldn't that be silly? So silly...

1631 Castle Hayne Rd. 
Wilmington, NC. 28401


On a lighter note. I feel a bit better after writing that, and the two aspirins I took while writing it are making me feel pretty decent. 8)

June 21st, 2013
I'm off work today! I took a personal day to go to the beach with Katie and Cat but we ended up just lounging around. Katie has been over for a week btw. We picked her up last Saturday and the plan is to drop her back off at her house on Sunday. It's been a lot of fun having her here, definitely my favorite trip we've had with her. I'm really tired and I've been in a bit of a fog today, but it's been fun. Katie and I are in the room right now just chilling out. She's playing Robot Unicorn Attack on her phone over there and I'm writing this on the bed. I'm always p drowsy like this whenever I sleep in too late. I'm going to set an alarm for myself for tomorrow so this doesn't happen again. 

I'm hoping that we go to the beach tomorrow, but the weather doesn't seem to want to give us a break. Today we've been inside because of thunderstorm warnings that never manifested. We did go out to Paddy's Hollow to eat though, which was very nice. 
A few hours later and I'm in a lot of pain. A lot of fucking pain. I took two aspirins and they helped ever so slightly but all they do is mask the pain at best. I walked out of the room for a few minutes and cried to try to feel better and when I came back everyone was quiet and Cat was asking me if I'm okay. They're quiet now and nobody is having fun and I feel like it's my fault, and I can't do anything about it in this condition. I wish I could, but all I can do is make excuses. They deserve a better friend than me.



July 1st, 2013
All of that was me two weeks ago. I've bucked the fuck up since then. Events have transpired. Really, Really nice events. I love myself, and my meditation is helping my aches. Today was a beautiful day, just like every day should be. 


July 3rd, 2013
And yet every day isn't. I'm not sure if these things have any contingence on my mood whatsoever anymore. I'm sitting here in such a painful daze. I want to work. I cannot work. Typing this is so hard. I want to go to sleep and never wake up. Been trying to meditate for hours. No effect. This always happens with a new "cure" I find. They work until they don't anymore. 

I long so much for death. If I were just well again...

I have tomorrow off work. Thank god. 

If I could force my "well" self to believe and take to heart and LIVE one simple fact, it's that bucking up and getting over something like this is not possible. This is an illness. All the positive energy in the world cannot help me, and being positive when your brain isn't even functioning correctly is not easy, to put it lightly. I'm not implying that it's hard to be positive about a negative thing, I'm implying that it's hard to be positive when the "positive" part of your brain is not plugged in. This is a very peculiar kind of pain. I don't like it. 