I hate it, but I made list of habits and goals and shit that I have bound myself to, and one of the daily habits that I'm trying to form is "write for 30 minutes a day". 

Its fucking excruciating. I forced to write enough in school, why the hell would I want to enslave myself to MORE OF IT? 

I really hate write in all forms, though. Even chattng, I HAT IT. I hate it much so that I generally refuse to write complete sentences. Punctuation, capitalization, actually grammatically correct fucking sentences? Not in MY mental dictionary. 

Of course Im being hypokritical, because hey look, all of these sentences are mostly sorta grammatical, right? WRONG MOTHER FUCKER, BECAUSE WHEN I'M DONE WRITE THIS I'M GOING TO GO BACK AND DO ULTIMATE FUCK YOU TO ENGLISH EDUCATION, THE "ANTI-PROOFREAD". Its so dastardly that Im pretty sure even the word itself which I just made up is not linjuistikally acceptable. I'm going to go through and fuck up at least one word in every sentence so that this journal is much hard to read, and as an added side-benefit of this, you can now reed the journal in a southern hic accent if you wants to humor yourself! 

Its grate, really. Im genius. Anti-prufread is the new illiteracy. This aint your grandma's illiteracy, this anti-proofread. Now Im just rambling, look at me, ridiculous. Why did I just typing that? Is 30 minutes over yet? No, only 10. 

On another tangent, fruity pebbles is fantastic, does you think? Of course you does, because if you don't, you wouldn't think! 
Haha, I'm pretty sure that were probably witty, and may require multiple readings to understand, especially after I anti-proofread this journal! 

Lets back up. Let's go deep. Women and men, right? Yeah, that controversial these days. People got questions. Big questions. What a man? Whats a woman? What a bi-woman-transvestite-piggy-thing? I'll being honest ladies and gentlebi-woman-transvestite-piggy-things-men, I doesn't know the answer to any of these questions! But, I do posess at least a little insight into some thing that would possible interest the casual pursuer of such philosophical inquiries. 

Let's CONTINUE backing up. Primordial soup. Evolution. Science and Darwin and finches. That's where were headed. So I assume you gots a vagina, right? I mean, your on furaffinity so there's a higher chance you have a vagina than not. If not, then you got a penis, and we'll get to YOU soon, Mr. Misogyny. 

So Miss vagoo. You also got a uterus, correct? Correct! And so that uterus of yours is sorta slow at doing things. It bleeds all the fucking time, it takes like what 9 months to make a fucking infant? So basically all it do is create things that nobody wants, and hurts all the time. 

Poor you. Yes I have a lot of sympathy for your lot. But I shouldn't! In fact, on the evolutionary level, your valuable as FUCK... and yes I mean that in the most litteral of ways. 

Women can have, AT MOST, like 12 kids in there life. Even that number might be pushin the limit a bit, but no rational modern ape-woman would have more than 12 kids. 

Men on the other hand, if they so desired, could seed a progeny of over 100 kids in one night. All it'd take is a little bit of no-condom and a lotta bit of raping every woman they come across in a downtown area before the cops bust them. 

So men can potentially spread there genes alot easier than women. Men's genes is fucking everywhere. There value-LESS. That's why they'res this weird social stigma against women sleepin with a lot of men. Sex that women give is incredibly valueable, and they're just fucking fucking it away! The sex men give on the other hand is not very valueable, and a guy that get laid a lot is seen as pretty accomplished dude, rather than a whore. 

So women have really valueable vaginas, and penises aren't so valueable. 

So pat yourselves on the back women, your RICH. 

Unfortunately you'll always be under our thumbs because you have lower IQs, breast that hinder physicallity, and also you're vaginas bleed. Also testosterone is the essence of POWER. 

It been 25 minutes so Im going to start Anti-proofreading now. 