I hate it, but I made this list of habits and goals and shit that I have bound myself to, and one of the daily habits that I'm trying to form is "write for 30 minutes a day". 

It's fucking excruciating. I was forced to write enough in school, why the hell would I want to enslave myself to MORE OF IT? 

I really hate writing in all forms, though. Even chatting, I HATE IT. I hate it so much that I generally refuse to write complete sentences. Punctuation, capitalization, actually grammatically correct fucking sentences? Not in MY mental dictionary. 

Of course I'm being hypocritical, because hey look, all of these sentences are mostly sorta grammatical, right? WRONG MOTHER FUCKER, BECAUSE WHEN I'M DONE WRITING THIS I'M GOING TO GO BACK AND DO THE ULTIMATE FUCK YOU TO ENGLISH EDUCATION, THE "ANTI-PROOFREAD". It's so dastardly that I'm pretty sure even the word itself which I just made up is not linguistically acceptable. I'm going to go through and fuck up at least one word in every sentence so that this journal is much harder to read, and as an added side-benefit of this, you can now read the journal in a southern hic accent if you want to humor yourself! 

It's great, really. I'm a genius. Anti-proofread is the new illiteracy. This aint your grandma's illiteracy, this is anti-proofread. Now I'm just rambling, look at me, ridiculous. Why did I just type that? Is 30 minutes over yet? No, only 10. 

On another tangent, fruity pebbles are fantastic, don't you think? Of course you do, because if you didn't, you wouldn't think! 
Haha, I'm pretty sure that was probably witty, and may require multiple readings to understand, especially after I anti-proofread this journal! 

Let's back up. Let's get deep. Women and men, right? Yeah, that's controversial these days. People have questions. Big questions. What's a man? What's a woman? What's a bi-woman-transvestite-piggy-thing? I'll be honest ladies and gentlebi-woman-transvestite-piggy-things-men, I don't know the answer to any of these questions! But, I do posess at least a little insight into some things that would possibly interest the casual pursuer of such philosophical inquiries. 

Let's CONTINUE backing up. Primordial soup. Evolution. Science and Darwin and finches. That's where we're headed. So I assume you have a vagina, right? I mean, you're on furaffinity so there's a higher chance you have a vagina than not. If not, then you've got a penis, and we'll get to YOU soon, Mr. Misogyny. 

So Miss vagoo. You've also got a uterus, correct? Correct! And so that uterus of yours is sorta slow at doing things. It bleeds all the fucking time, it takes like what 9 months to make a fucking infant? So basically all it does is create things that nobody wants, and hurts all the time. 

Poor you. Yes I have a lot of sympathy for your lot. But I shouldn't! In fact, on the evolutionary level, you're valuable as FUCK... and yes I mean that in the most literal of ways. 

Women can have, AT MOST, like 12 kids in their life. Even that number might be pushing the limit a bit, but no rational modern ape-woman would have more than 12 kids. 

Men on the other hand, if they so desired, could seed a progeny of over 100 kids in one night. All it'd take is a little bit of no-condom and a lotta bit of raping every woman they come across in a downtown area before the cops bust them. 

So men can potentially spread their genes a lot easier than women. Men's genes are fucking everywhere. They're value-LESS. That's why there's this weird social stigma against women sleeping with a lot of men. Sex that women give is incredibly valueable, and they're just fucking fucking it away! The sex men give on the other hand is not very valueable, and a guy that get's laid a lot is seen a pretty accomplished dude, rather than a whore. 

So women have really valueable vaginas, and penises aren't so valueable. 

So pat yourselves on the back women, you're RICH. 

Unfortunately you'll always be under our thumbs because you have lower IQs, breasts that hinder physicallity, and also your vaginas bleed. Also testosterone is the essence of POWER. 

It's been 25 minutes so I'm going to start Anti-proofreading now. 