Sexy monkeys ran through the forest howling laughter out after each other in one long congo line of bits and boops. Phallusses flying widely reaching out for a space to bear their girth. Breasts bouncing boobishly around with tears down all of their faces sprouting from the sheer mania of it all. The canopy is rife with color and vibration. The trees melt with sap. Green and blue and pink and purple all oozing down like sweet liquid candy. The ants call up to the heavens as the mighty anteater devours them one by one, savoring each subtle body as they crash and crunch between her teeth. 

In her gut is a nest of life. Protozoa swim fro and sway narrowly between the openings in the gut lining. Ripping what they find and carrying it to the rest of the singing body. Swirls of neon lights fill career canyons where the busy boys move hastily to spread the bounty amongst the denizens of Anteater One. In all the land there are none who give their lives more fully than those in the heart and mind, where the nutrients are brought and given first and foremost. 

Gorged on the small ones, and with the sun setting on the jungle corridors, the anteater lies down at the base of a woody chacruna to rest for the night. 

The sun lowers below the horizon and a wave of solace runs through the jungle. The sounds of joyful monkeys rings out quietly in the distance as the last bastions of daylife snuggle in tight. At once, every being in the woods knows that night has come. 

As the anteater drifts off into solemnity, she dreams of her life before...

And from the void of deep sleep, she looks up. A God approaches. A destructive god. A god of malevolence and vice. For no good god would do this to her and her countrywomen. She leaps up and runs to the colony to protect her children, but cannot find the gates. Where they once stood valiantly, ferrying countless soldiers, gardeners, gatherers, princes, princesses, and queens, they now lay in dissolution. Disintegrated with little evidence of them ever having stood there at all. 

She hears a call to her right and there her sister digs her way from the remains of the gate. 

She runs to her sister and pulls her by her forward arms up and out from the earth, embracing her fully as if she was all that was left in the world. Chemical tears run down her cheeks. They say everything she is unable to articulate: 

"Thank god you're alive. I was worried you didn't make it. "

The God lumbers above them, blotting out the setting sun. 

They hold each other tightly, closing their eyes, believing this to be the end. 

They wait there, together.

Minutes pass, and nothing happens. 

The pink setting sunlight shines on their faces and they open their eyes. Their antennae feel each other over to make sure the other is still in fact there and alive. 

They breathe, and look up. 

The God has gone. 

And so has their home. 