Doing drugs haphazardly is obviously stupid and nobody including myself should do that. That being said, this is the story of how I was cured of my sustained identity crisis by taking 1 1/2 hits of LSD. 
In 2010 I knew who I was. I was the weird smart kid that gets suspended for allegedly hacking his high school's network. The guy that skipped school to stay at home and build an LED matrix because his shiny new AVR chip just came in the mail. The sideburned rogue that despite being horribly socially inept and trying to avoid humans at all costs was contradictorily loved by everyone. And then I graduated. 
After graduation I mulled about for a few months. It was actually the happiest period of my life. My sleeping schedule wasn't set and I mostly spent my time programming my waking hours away on anything that struck my fancy. I think something like that is pretty much heaven for me. 
But after doing that for the summer I realized that I was probably going to waste my life away in this heaven, and so I hit the road. I left Florida and headed to North Carolina to live with a friend, this lasted three years. In that time a lot happened, including completely losing touch with who I was. 
It happened slowly. I left home, and I was free, or at least that's what I expected. In reality, I didn't have a room anymore, or anything to really call my own. I was living at my friend's house sharing a bedroom with them. There isn't much use to freedom if you don't have any property with which to exercise it. 
Back home I had very strict systems for myself. As an INTJ, everything is a system. My drawers were labelled, I had a pile of clothes on the ground that despite the surface chaos was secretly VERY organized, and I had a door with a lock with which to keep everyone else away from me while I was doing god knows what I do behind that door. These are among the plethora of other systems I had in place. 
After moving, every single system died a slow and systematically systematic death. I was nothing without my systems. It was the first domino in a cascade that sent me avalanching out of myself.  

It's a bizarre feeling to forget who you are. Probably the most paralyzing effect is the complete loss of self-confidence. For instance, how can you know how you should act when you don't even know who you are? 
For the longest time I didn't know what was wrong with me. I was still Josh of course, but there was something missing. When friends brought up their tastes and preferences, I'd find myself trying to contribute... but completely unable. I'd end up just copying them and hoping that what I said was what they wanted to hear. I stopped listening to my favorite bands and picked up bands that I honestly was abhorred by.. because that's what others liked so that's what I was going to like. I forgot how to critique art, and I stopped caring about who I became friends with because I didn't know what kind of people I liked anymore. It was a slippery slope that I didn't catch on to until I had plummeted to the base . 
When I finally caught on, I latched onto theory after theory to try to explain what had made me so drastically different from who I felt I should be, and what it even was that I felt I should be. I read book after self-help book. I tried being an overtly callous individual, but that just turned me into an asshole. I tried being excessively friendly to everyone, but I just wound up with a bunch of really awful leeches. Eventually I decided that I would JUST TRY EVERYTHING. 
As in, EVERYTHING. 
I became self-destructive in my pursuit of finding myself. I didn't want to die or hurt myself, I at least knew that was not-me-like, but I did want to do some stupid things just to feel again. 
At some point I decided to try LSD. The introspective effects 