Lucille always had a crush on the tall royal weirdo, but also wasn't aware of those feelings because she was far too involved in her projects. 
Coffee is a rare... RARE commodity. The coffee plant was completely extinct on the surface, though Lucille was able to bring it back from seeds she had found. She renovated an old espresso machine and as such for a short while ran the only Café on the surface of Earth, and was the only Barista. The only barista of Café Royal. After a few days of this, however she became terribly bored of the process and its mundanity. Every day, re-filling the grinder with beans. Every day talking to customers. Every day collecting their currencies and filling their mugs. 
The dead names for the coffees that she had revived were once so thrilling to her. Cappuccino. Venti mocha. *Ristretto*. Now, however, she was finding it tiresome to keep track of all of the various naming schemes and pairing them to the customer's obscure orders which seemingly sprang up overnight. 
On day six she was ready to call it quits and return to her latest new obsession: Cocaine! (Coming from another obscure extinct plant that grew in the same conditions and locations as *coffee aribica*! Apparently it was once a very popular stimulant as well, as her scavenged history books have shown! (However this poorly-ending tangent must be for another time.))
Right as the last customer ordered a Grande Espresso Stevia Diet White Mocha Latte w/ Matcha, Lucille was taking off her barista apron to burn it in a fire, and the boy ran up. 
"Water! " he gasped out, covered in sweat. 
"Erm..." Lucille stammered out, suddenly turning beet red. She blinked and then unthinkingly motioned up to their menu, showing only 50 different types of coffee. Erickson quickly scanned the menu and then blurted out. 
"You don't have water?! "
"erm... " Lucille smartly replied again. 
"Gah! Forget it! " he turned to presumably hurry off as fast as he came. 
"Wait! I can make you water! " She quickly turned around and filled a mug with water. Not coffee. Just water. It felt good. 
"Here you are sir, one water. " 
He quickly grabbed it, drank it all in 5 seconds, said "Thank you. ",
And then turned to continue running as fast as she'd ever seen a moth run. 
With those long legs. 
"It must be easy..... ", She thought. 
With those long, powerful legs. 
She stared out after him as two royal guards rounded the corner from where he'd ran from. They looked like they'd been running for quite a while. 

And that's the story of how Lucille decided to run Café Royal for a whole 'nother 6 days before deciding that no, she was right after all, this is a shitty job. 