Hi! This is a short-ish, minimalist description of myself, things I value, and the practical repurcussions of my thoughts and feelings on life. 

So I'm Josh. 
I like to experience things and appreciate everything that life throws at me. Whether the experience be labelled good or bad, it's always inherently good because it's a precious experience that I've been gifted by the almighty nether, or whatever. 

And that's really it. Most of my life philosophy and feelings stem from that simple framework. I try to appreciate and experience life. 

and so I don't put value in owning things, unless they invoke some sort of meaningful experience. I don't want to own a lot of things, and furthermore I don't really see "ownership" as much more than an illusion. It entails that I have a reasonable guarantee of being able to use these things without somebody else stopping me, and that I can also stop others from using these things if I so wish. That's just not meaningful to me. It feels artificial. It certainly doesn't give me meaning or joy. It really just means that I have to take time out of my life managing these things that I "own", rather than spending time experiencing life. 

Studies have shown that there is a limit of happiness that possessions can bring you, and that limit is surprisingly low. Beyond having the bare necessities, there's little that creature comforts can give you to make you a happier person. 
In fact, people that own more things are on average for more stressed out than people that own little. The stress comes from having to manage more possessions. 
I appreciate the few things I have, and try to give them the attention they need. The less time I spend managing a plethora of "things" that I apparently "own", the more time I have to spend with my friends, or spend alone, simply meditating on and enjoying life.

I'm the opposite of Bruce Wortelman. If I had the choice between owning multiple mega-mansions and yachts, or living debt-free out of a studio apartment, I'd choose the studio apartment. 

So about debt. I hate it. I'm in it right now, and it's not too bad because it's only a car payment, but it's still stressful and it bothers me. I'm able to have a nice car because of it, but I don't like being in it.
I'm an extremely self-reliant person. I don't like having to owe this faceless corporation money. 
That's why I intend to stay as debt free as possible. If that means I have to put off owning things for a while, that's okay with me. If it's not okay with anybody else, then they have a problem, because I will not budge on my conviction. If I'm ever with somebody that wants to try to push my hand on the matter, then there is going to be a problem. I'm perfectly happy with being in a relationship or a friendship with somebody else that is interested in taking on debt in order to have some service or product, and they can go into debt themselves under their own name, but I have decided that it's not for me, and I react appropriately against any coercive acts regarding it. 

I like to learn, especially by doing. I am the happiest when I'm on the computer or in nature, simply observing, thinking, and learning. 

Gonna cut off here for now