 Things happen to them that are a little "off". They tell stories of others doing incredibly wicked things to them, and acting in irrational ways that seem just barely plausable. In their stories, EVERYONE is a nut, but themself. Everyone they think they can use to socially bolster their self, anyways. 
The condition implicitely means they're going to be a chronic liar, which is very different from a compulsive liar. They'll lie constantly to strategically position themselves in a situation, rather than just lying for the sake of lying. 

They'll need to appear tough and honorable to people so they have their respect. 

They might tell stories about punching some guy that's jealous of him for being close with a girl they're both mutually acquainted with. 
The story isn't entirely a lie. In reality the guy really was jealous. The guy really did messaged the girl about it, and he probably was cold towards the sociopath because of his jealousy. 

The guy never arrived at the sociopath's house and got in a physical fight with the sociopath. This part is the lie. 

The thing with sociopaths is they don't often tell outright lies unless it's absolutely necessary. They tell white lies. They put everything about the truth up front to make what they're about to say plausable, and then they tell the part that is the actual lie, and because they've strategically placed themselves in a position of respect through previous lies, everyone eats it up. 

They are generally narcissistic. Their goal is to control you, not help you. The only time they will help you is when it benefits themselves. 

They're crafty about this. They'll even appear modest, and SLIGHTLY hide their actions to appear like they're doing it solely out of the kindness of their hearts. They do this, because they know it'll get the biggest reaction out of the people they're trying to control. 



I think the biggest telltale sign of a nut like Ashes is that extraordinary things consistently appear to happen to them. They'll meet and hang out with famous people constantly. They'll be the victim of parental abuse, and the parents will appear to be completely irrational in their actions.. because you haven't heard the story from their side. Anyone that crosses them will appear to be an irrational nut, and you will never hear the story from anyones side but the sociopath's. 


W33n. Ashes didn't like w33n. Understandable. W33n is a dumbass and a bad person in a few ways. 

But Ashes went out of his way to make it so that nobody ever contacted him. If he knew that we had a chance that we might converse with w33n, he'd get us in a private chat and try to convince us to stop talking to him. 

Why? Ashes can't make up foolproof lies about w33n if we're actively talking to w33n to get both sides of the story. 


The telltale sign of a sociopath is that things happen to them that you can't possibly confirm in any way. 

And that's it. 

If you are constantly being told fantastic things from somebody, and you have no way of easily and efficiently confirming them or researching them, you should be very, very wary. Especially if you like the person.