[4:22:29 PM] Guy Montaggio: 1) My favorite color is green, because the green power ranger is the coolest power ranger. My second favorite color is gray-purple because it's grungy looking. 
2) I've been to the Universal Studios theme park and Disney World over 300 times, even though I've never lived closer than three hours from it. When my mom married my step dad, we took the trip every other weekend. It was horrible. I had things I wanted to do at that age, and half of my weekends were taken up visiting my dad, and the other half were taken up blowing ridiculous amounts of money (that my parents put on credit cards) on vacations that were monotonous and stressful. 
Nobody wanted to go but my step dad. He would pitch a huge fucking fit if we missed a weekend. 
He has issues. 
Eventually the money spent on vacations became a major factor in my parents going bankrupt and ruining their lives. 
3) My granny was insane. Me and my brother lived with her from 1996-1999. She died in 2003. She isn't blood related to me, because she adopted my mother at birth. 
Every day my granny would tell us stories about her life during the great depression. It was really horrible. Her father was abusive, and it showed in his punishments. He once sat in her room, opened the windows and let Florida swamp mosquitoes fly in. He held a knife and told her that if she swat any of them, he'd cut her hand off. Another time he made her brother sit in the summer sun all day until his back was blistering from the sun, at which point he said he could come home. 
When my granny got older, she started really losing her mind. She'd yell at her children for things that didn't happen, and she started coming up with horrible, bizarre punishments for me and Kyle. She started doing really violent things for little reason, like ripping a phone out of her wall because she was angry at somebody that was calling.  
There are good things she did for us though! She gave me my entrepreneurial spirit, and gave me a love for science. 
So about that entrepreneurial spirit. 
She'd always tell us that if we just had a great enough idea, we could go into business and make buko cash. She'd always come up with interesting ideas(though in reality they were probably pretty bad) that inspired us, and Kyle and I would always try to come up with business ideas. 
One day we wanted to start a cleaning company. We got yogurts from the fridge and put them in a pot and mixed it with water and soap. It was our new cleaning solution that we'd test on our computer monitors, which were pretty dirty.  
We soaked the solution in paper towels and rubbed it all over our computer monitors, and it didn't really work, obviously.
It didn't break them or anything, they just had gross stuff on them that would come off by cleaning them with some windex or water. 

When my Granny saw us doing it, she went fucking batshit. She yelled at us, whipped us with pine tree needle branches(Which she was fond of, and HURT REALLY FUCKING BAD. ), and made us sit outside on the front porch. I can only guess that what she did next was spawned from her deranged childhood, and it's why I mentioned what her father did to her when she was a child. We had to hold our paper towels soaked in our cleaning solution outside on the front porch for three hours, until my mother showed up an hour after the sun had set. It was during the summer, and as I now know, mosquitoes really really like the smell of sugary yogurt soaked paper towels. We were covered in the solution, and we were covered in mosquitoes. When my mom showed up, we'd been crying for hours. 

Around that time we moved out of my Granny's house, and I was pretty okay with that.