PostSubject: The Rabbit Hat   Sun Jun 29, 2008 1:15 pm	
---Random Notes---
Just so you can get a better image of Charles - http://spamtheweb.com/ul/upload/270608/81256_agagagag.png

The colouring scheme is just me messing around with colours. He's actually
got a human skin tone and he is quite human, no matter how strange he
may seem to you.

---Prologue---
Charles smiled. Charles always smiled. There wasn't ever any reason he
should frown. Why in such a world of vivid hues and colors could anyone
find a reason to frown? No, smiling is good, and smiling is what
Charles did. 

So Charles smiled. 


---Ch 1---
Today was a new day for Charles. Today he would begin work in a shiny
office building with a shiny office. A shiny desk and a shiny pencil
holder on that desk. Everything would be good, everything would be
happy, and most importantly.. everything would be shiny. 

He buttoned his coat up and pressed his brown and green spotted tie
down into it. He reached up and patted his head to make sure he was
still wearing his rabbit hat. He had always owned his rabbit hat for as
far back as he could remember. He slept with it and he bathed with it.
He ran with it and he talked with it. It was his only friend and the
thought of losing it was unimaginable to him. His life itself seemed to
be powered only by his love for his rabbit hat. 

He grabbed the nearest shiny thing, shoved it into his pants pocket,
and bounced smiling out of his apartment. He walked down the outside
stairs and prepared to open his car door when he noticed his downstairs
neighbor Angry Black man staring with a frightened look on his face
over at him. He smiled at Angry even more widely than he already was
smiling and then continued getting into his car. When he looked back at
the place Angry was sitting, Angry wasn't there anymore. Confused at
the sudden disappearance of his neighbor, Charles pushed his key into
the ignition and was off. 

Charles was a safe driver. He always wore his seatbelt and he always
used his signal when turning. He never honked his horn and he was never
in a rush. In fact he made it his personal duty to spread his joy to
everyone he met on the road. Whenever angry drivers rolled down their
windows to yell at Charles he would simply turn around and smile at
them. They would stop after that. They always stopped after that. 

As Charles pulled into the nearest open parking space at his new shiny
office building he smiled. He rolled down his gleaming window and
stepped out of his car into the hot summer sun. The sun didn't bother
Charles though. Charles loved the sun. Charles loved everything. 

He made his way calmly up to the front doors, and from there to the
front desk with a kind looking secretary lady standing there. He
attempted to speak but suddenly became extremely intrigued by her. Her
chest somehow aroused him and she had a shiny necklace that made him
happier than happy. He almost reached out to grab it before she interrupted his quiet study by speaking. 

"Sir, if you have an appointment you can sit down, otherwise I'm about to call security. "

Charles had no idea what security was, but he was fairly sure he had an
appointment so he found a seat and sat down. He saw some magazines
scattered around on a table in front of him but none of them looked
very happy. He hunched over and thought of something he could do to
pass the time when suddenly he remembered that he had brought a shiny
with him before he had left his apartment. He reached into his pocket to
grab it and suddenly felt a small jolt of pain in his hand. He pulled
his hand out slowly and noticed red liquid pouring out of his finger.
The liquid made him happy for whatever reason he didn't understand, and
this was the first time he had ever seen it come out of him before.
Without further thought or consideration of what it could be he plumped
his red finger into his mouth and bit. He bit hard and long until his
red finger had completely come off in his mouth. 

"What a site I must look", he thought to himself. "Sitting in the
middle of this shiny building with red all over my hand and my finger
off me! I must clean this up." 

So he got up with his unattached finger and shuffled across the flooring making his way to the bathroom. As he walked, he noticed the lady at the desk looking at him with a look on her face that Charles did not quite understand. Was it excitement? No, it looked more like shock. Whatever it was, it was certainly not happy. Then, Most shockingly to Charles, the lady suddenly and without warning closed her eyes and fell down to the ground. Charles was speechless and without a doubt confused. He walked around to the other side of the desk where she was sprawled out on the ground and stared at her. 

What a bizarre way to behave. Charles had never viewed a woman, or any human being for that matter display this action before. He looked around to see if anyone else in the room had seen what had just happened but nobody was there. He noticed he was dripping some of the red onto her face from his finger so he dropped it as to stop the dripping. It landed in her open mouth. 

Charles thought the image of his detached finger lieing in her open mouth on the floor was that of a hilarious one and it caused him to smile wider. That's when he got a strange urge. One he couldn't quite put his finger on. He reached back into his pocket to pull out his shiny thing. This time he grabbed it differently and succesfully pulled it from his pants. It was long and sharp, but mainly just shiny. 

He decided he would chop her up.


---Chapter 2---

Charles sat down on the ground next to her now static body and presented his shiny to the flesh of her neck. He pushed a little, and then he pushed harder. There was more red liquid here too. More red than he ever could have wished for! It seemed it would never stop coming. It poured out of the hole from the girls neck like the water poured out of his faucet at home. It spewed all over him, and he loved it. 

He pushed harder and harder. Harder than he remembered ever pushing in his entire life. He was covered in it now. It felt as if the red stuff cleaned him in some way. As if it fixed him. Then something unexpected happened. 

He heard a woman screaming behind him. He turned around to see what the cause of her commotion was when a noise rang out loud in his ears. It wasn't like any noise he was familiar with. This noise was very loud. It was louder than even the woman's screaming. It sounded somewhat like the police sirens he had heard oh so many times while driving, but this siren was much more obnoxious. He covered his ears with his hands and looked to see where the woman had gone. He caught a glimpse of her running out of the building doors and into the street right as something even more bizarre occurred. 

Water began raining from the ceiling. He looked up for a second and pinched himself on the arm to make sure he wasn't dreaming. What a strange thing. Charles, with the exception of his shower, had never seen it rain inside of a building before. Then he noticed the elevator doors opening. People began pouring out of them like drowned fish and dashing for the front door. Charles decided it would be to his best interests to follow these people, so he grabbed his shiny from the girls neck and began to move towards the door. Suddenly he heard something different among the siren-like noise filling the building. This was something he DID recognize. This was an actual police siren. He looked out a window and saw a large blaring red firetruck pulling in next to the building. Following behind it were police cars. 

Charles wasn't quite sure what had caused the panic of people, or the police to show up, but he certainly didn't want to stick around to find out. He opened the front door and immediately fell down. Everything around him turned dark and the last thing he saw was a red droplet falling off the edge of his coat and onto the ground. 




"Hello Charles, sleep well? " 

He opened his eyes and looked around smiling. He was in some sort of fluffy white room. It looked as though he was on the insides of a giant pillow. He tried to stand up but couldn't. An awkwardly positioned strapping device held his legs in place and his arms behind his back. 

What an interestingly confusing predicament he was in. 